# HELLO-WORLD
SUBJECTIVE OBJECTIVISM AND BANANAS
My name is Kevin Bode and i have no idea what this is or why i am doing it. So if this feels unrefined or rhetorically persistant , please just bear with me , i promise it will get worse.
Lets pretend i was NOT, i repeat ,NOT given VAGUE instructions ( ok , really they were were very concise , because im not that smart) as to how to start this ( whatever it is ) and i will waste this part of the screen and 5-10 minutes of your life with an attempt to describe to all you all just who i am , without tainting  it with my generic ego known as arrogance  or contrasting  and chronic self-immolation. 
I feel like an explination of cause is not justifaction by reason, so the ' how ' as to how i became who i am in this moment is about as important as ,where do the marshmellows in Lucky Charms come from? 
lets make the before mentioned 5-10 minutes of wasted life more like , better order a pizza and grab a 6 pack of ice cold whatever,  i mean what better a subject to discuss other than myself , i know , i know you read my mind, BOOBS ! yes ! boobs  are way better  subject matter , but i think thats more of a visual or hands on thing. like a good fist to cuff sometimes words have no place. 
where were we , boobs? no, past that. me? yes of course ME. well if i was asked who i was , in general i would feel compulsed to  start describing to you my accumilated identies and accomplishments, things of interest , my favorite color ( orange) and how i fancy long walks on the beach.  Thats probally acceptable for the Opra Winfrey show but fundamentally speaking those titles have little to do with this soul that is currently roaming the earth in search of truth. what truth? THE TRUTH. Not your truth or there truth or his truth MY TRUTH ? And due to a obscure reflection of my self-image i struggle with placing enough value on my life to say that my truth is THE TRUTH. Is it logical or reasonable to say that my truth is THE TRUTH or is it just plain arrogant. It has been said that reality owes its exsistance to the sole act observing ,each and every moment we experience is created by thought. So thought alone is the only reality there is
science now has concrete evidence that supports these clams. that which have been speculated upon since the days of Plato . Thoath and Aristotle.  Even jesus Christ instructed us 
to look beyond the limits of your eyes and you will find that which is eternal. Truth is eternal and wavers not to ones ability to understand , accept or acknowledge. Truth unlike most other moral imperatives i feel also stands alone and retains its value without a contrast.  Good demands bad for a value, up demands down , hot demands cold. Truth ( and also love) retain there integrity , appeat amd perservere sharing no foundation and deriving no need from any counterpart. 
so where are we , reality, thought , truth..me. so i have come to understand that my truth is THE TRUTH. because i have created it and i suffer the consequenses of tt, or perhaps reap its rewards.
so what is my truth? or other words, who am I ? what do i desire ? what motivates me ? what satisfies me ? what causes my anxiety ? why do I have a lust for sorrow but also a childish wamt to be loved. how did i come to value the opinions of strangers as my sole source of self-worth. 
